[Migration ]Add config, doc and two hello world samples (#879)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: CONTRIBUTING.md

* If your solution is demonstrating multiple technologies, please use functional terms as the name for the solution folder.
* Do not use a period in the folder name of the provided sample.

> ### Add your sample to the Office Add-ins Development Kit
> [See steps here](./ADD_SAMPLE_INTO_DEV_KIT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add your sample to the Office Add-ins Development Kit

To have your sample be included in Office Add-ins VS Code extension, follow the instructions in [How to add samples to sample gallery of Office Add-ins Development Kit](./ADD_SAMPLE_INTO_DEV_KIT.md).
```
